Toniof 450 recognize data ids (#451)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

## Changes in 0.8.2 (in development)

> * Fixed that Directory and S3 Data Store were not able to handle data ids that they
>   had assigned themselves during `write_data`. The stores may extend user-provided
>   data ids by the appropriate file extension. (#450)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed that data stores `directory` and `s3` were not able to handle data iddentifiers that they
  had assigned themselves during `write_data()`.  (#450)
```
